README.md, before:

# 🚗 RentRide

A full-featured car rental platform where users can register, log in, add their own cars for rent, manage bookings, and explore available vehicles with powerful filtering and sorting options.

## 🌐 Live Demo

👉 [Visit Live Site](https://car-ride.netlify.app/)

## 📌 Project Purpose

The purpose of **RentRide** is to provide a seamless car rental experience where users can:
- Register and log in securely using Firebase Authentication.
- Add, update, and delete their listed cars.
- Book available cars and manage their bookings.
- View insightful data visualization using charts.
- Experience a modern, responsive, and user-friendly interface.

---

## 🚀 Key Features

- 🔐 **User Authentication:** Login and Registration via Firebase.
- 🚘 **Car Management:** Add, update, delete, and date modify your listed cars.
- 📅 **Car Booking:** Users can book cars, update booking dates, or cancel.
- 📊 **Data Visualization:** Real-time data view using `Recharts`.
- 📈 **Sorting & Search:** Search cars, sort by price (low-high / high-low).
- 🎛️ **Grid & List View Toggle:** Switch between grid and list views for car listings.
- 🔐 **JWT Secured APIs:** Private routes for dashboard sections like `Add Car`, `My Car`, `My Booking`.
- 🌐 **Responsive Design:** Mobile, tablet, and desktop-friendly layout.
- 🎨 **Framer Motion Animation:** Smooth page transitions and animations.
- 🖥️ **Swiper Slider Integration:** Interactive image sliders for featured cars.
- 🚫 **404 Page Handling:** Friendly custom 404 not found page.
- 📄 **Clean, Consistent Code Structure.**

---

## 📚 Tech Stack

### 💻 Frontend:
- React.js
- React Router DOM
- Tailwind CSS
- Swiper.js
- Framer Motion
- Recharts
- Typewriter Effect

### 🖥️ Backend:
- Node.js
- Express.js
- MongoDB with Mongoose
- CORS
- JWT for token-based authentication

### 🔥 Authentication:
- Firebase Authentication

---

## 📦 NPM Packages Used

```json
"firebase": "^11.9.0",
"framer-motion": "^12.16.0",
"react": "^19.1.0",
"react-dom": "^19.1.0",
"react-router": "^7.6.2",
"react-simple-typewriter": "^5.0.1",
"recharts": "^2.15.3",
"swiper": "^11.2.8",
"typewriter-effect": "^2.22.0"

Commit message:

Dashboard page dark and light mode color theme implement

README.md, after:

# 🚗 RentRide

A full-featured car rental platform where users can register, log in, add their own cars for rent, manage bookings, and explore available vehicles with powerful filtering and sorting options.

## 🌐 Live Demo

👉 [Visit Live Site](https://car-ride.netlify.app/)

## 📌 Project Purpose

The purpose of **RentRide** is to provide a seamless car rental experience where users can:
- Register and log in securely using Firebase Authentication.
- Add, update, and delete their listed cars.
- Book available cars and manage their bookings.
- View insightful data visualization using charts.
- Experience a modern, responsive, and user-friendly interface.

---

## 🚀 Key Features

- 🔐 **User Authentication:** Login and Registration via Firebase.
- 🚘 **Car Management:** Add, update, delete, and date modify your listed cars.
- 📅 **Car Booking:** Users can book cars, update booking dates, or cancel.
- 📊 **Data Visualization:** Real-time data view using `Recharts`.
- 📈 **Sorting & Search:** Search cars, sort by price (low-high / high-low).
- 🎛️ **Grid & List View Toggle:** Switch between grid and list views for car listings.
- 🔐 **JWT Secured APIs:** Private routes for dashboard sections like `Add Car`, `My Car`, `My Booking`.
- 🌐 **Responsive Design:** Mobile, tablet, and desktop-friendly layout.
- 🎨 **Framer Motion Animation:** Smooth page transitions and animations.
- 🖥️ **Swiper Slider Integration:** Interactive image sliders for featured cars.
- 🚫 **404 Page Handling:** Friendly custom 404 not found page.
- 📄 **Clean, Consistent Code Structure.**

---

Quick Search System in Banner Section

A hassle-free and instant car search tool embedded directly in the homepage banner so you can find your ride in seconds. Just select your pickup location, rental dates, and car type—and our system will show you available options without navigating away from the front page. Get started faster, experience browsing made simple.

Seamlessly switch between light and dark themes for a personalized browsing experience. Whether you prefer a clean bright look or a sleek dark interface, our website adapts instantly to your choice."

## 📚 Tech Stack

### 💻 Frontend:
- React.js
- React Router DOM
- Tailwind CSS
- Swiper.js
- Framer Motion
- Recharts
- Typewriter Effect

### 🖥️ Backend:
- Node.js
- Express.js
- MongoDB with Mongoose
- CORS
- JWT for token-based authentication

### 🔥 Authentication:
- Firebase Authentication

---

## 📦 NPM Packages Used

```json
"firebase": "^11.9.0",
"framer-motion": "^12.16.0",
"react": "^19.1.0",
"react-dom": "^19.1.0",
"react-router": "^7.6.2",
"react-simple-typewriter": "^5.0.1",
"recharts": "^2.15.3",
"swiper": "^11.2.8",
"typewriter-effect": "^2.22.0"
